# Bookr

Bookr is a travel booking web app built entirely in the Google Apps Script cloud platform and is intended for both end-user and business admin use. Since I use Apps Script regularly at my job, I wanted to challenge myself and see if I could develop a full-stack website using my knowledge of web development frameworks and practices.

## Thoughts I have while working on this

* Apps Script has no version control system, so I've been manually copying and pasting all the changes to my local repository on Visual Studio Code after each atomic change which is really frustrating. Keeping track of which files I've touched is difficult, especially because I tend to make changes freely when I see the need to.
* Apps Script also doesn't use folders so I have a ton of files all in the same directory.
* I'm using MVC-esque principles to deliver custom views based off of URL parameters, which I figured out I can do using a simple switch statement that considers the client's GET request's event object. I realized this is the simplest way to point to different pages in the confines of Apps Script, which doesn't use an established back-end framework.
* Figuring out which JavaScript code should run client-side versus server-side is tricky, and I'm realizing you have to look at logs on both the server's console *and* the browser's console for thorough debugging. Code that runs back-end to process JSON data from the front-end forms the backbone of client-server communication, which I think is a good concept to understand and see working live.
* There's a mixture of hard-coded and dynamic data. Designing the models and data structure was trickier than I thought it would be, because having a comprehensive and complete database structure was important to having a web app that contained many functions. So I spent a lot of time designing how Bookr should work, which required forming a database schema in my Google Sheet. For everything that's not hard-coded, content is generated on the fly which allows for scalability. However, I would assume that in formal workplace codebases, as much as can be is dynamically generated rather than hard-coded.